docs(roadmap): add public development roadmap (#3624)
Sage/carbon: docs/development-roadmap.stories.mdx

<Meta
  title="Documentation/Development Roadmap"
/>

# Sage Carbon public roadmap

> **Disclaimer**: We operate in a dynamic commercial environment, and things are subject to change. The information provided is intended to outline the general direction of the library. It's intended for informational purposes only. We may decide to add/remove new items at any time depending on our capability to deliver while meeting our quality standards. The development, releases, and timing of any features or functionality of Carbon remain at the sole discretion of Sage. The roadmap does not represent a commitment, obligation, or promise to deliver at any time.

## Upcoming activity
Listed below is the activity we have on our backlog. 
### Move experimental folder

> Move the experimental components into the main components folder and remove the experimental folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Move the experimental components into the main components folder and remove the experimental folder.
```

### Internationalisation 

> Implement the proposal in the [i18n RFC](https://github.com/Sage/carbon/blob/master/rfcs/text/i18n.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the proposal in the [i18n RFC](https://github.com/Sage/carbon/blob/master/rfcs/text/i18n.md).
```

### TypeScript Support 

>  At a minimum we should support TypeScript by providing typings files for every component and enabling support in our build pipeline. 

Reviewer: I don't think theres anything we need to do in the build pipeline, we already support `d.ts` files.
```suggestion
 At a minimum we should support type definitions for every component.
```

> We will also review if we should migrate the Carbon repo to use TypeScript completely as there are many benefits to using TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will also review if we should convert our existing code to TypeScript.
```

### Accessibility audit
Review current components against accessibility guidelines and plug any gaps we may have to meet those requirements, in particular: 

1. Keyboard accessibility of navigation components such as Menu. 

> 1. Keyboard accessibility of Tables - particularly tables with inputs. 

Reviewer 2: Same comment as below

1. Focus behaviour in Dialog and Sidebar. 
1. Date picker popover. 

> Automation/Testing/Linting to ensure that Accessibility is part of the CI process so it can’t get forgotten about or worse without us knowing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review our automation/testing/linting to ensure that accessibility is part of the CI process to prevent any regressions.
```

### Design System congruence
Review our Design System documentation and ensure our components are congruent with those described in [brand.sage.com](https://brand.sage.com).
### Deprecate shouldComponentUpdate decorator

> Replace with a higher order component

Reviewer: I don't think we should be supporting this any more, it's a helper for ImmutableJS which we no longer use.

> ### Deprecate components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deprecations
```
Let's move the `shouldComponentUpdate` into this list.

Deprecation of components that are no longer actively maintained.

1. Table

> 1. Table Ajax

Reviewer 2: Should be `2.` and `3.` I think
